Where do I start?
Well. I guess what I really
want to say is.
everything I am is because of
where I come from.
Eternia.
a world of endless beauty.
All that stuff
that only exists
in legends
and bedtime stories.
On Eternia.
that stuff is real.
Griffins. dragons.
talking tigers.
enchanted forests.
burning deserts.
islands in the sky.
You name it.
I... I swear I'm not high.
And then
we've got Castle Grayskull.
My father once told me
that Eternia is the beating
heart of the cosmos.
And Grayskull
is the heart of that heart.
So. I... I guess the. uh...
the heart of the heart
of. uh. the heart
is the Power of Grayskull.
They say it can make a man
as mighty as a god.
To keep it safe. the Power
was bound within a vessel.
An ancient sword they called
the Sword of Power.
Yeah. I know.
but that's what
they went with.
Legend said that when Eternia
was in its greatest need.
a hero would step forth
and wield the Sword.
and. you know. use it...
awesomely.
Until that day. it was locked
away within the castle
under the watchful eye
of the Sorceress.
who was wise. and ancient.
and a little scary.
to be honest.
But she's cool.
She's... She's cool.
For hundreds of years.
Grayskull has remained
under the protection
of my ancestors.
See. I come from
a pretty impressive lineage
of mighty heroes.
Noble. strong. fearless.
But. Mom.
I don't want to fight.
Everyone's bigger than me
and stronger.
And I have poor
hand-eye coordination.
- Nonsense! Who told you that?
- Cringer.
It's true. He's the smallest
and the weakest.
It's a miracle he hasn't
broken any bones or died.
So. what should
the prince be doing
instead of arms training. hmm?
I don't know. maybe hanging
out and playing with Cringer.
You go. I'll find a ball
of yarn and I'm good.
You're zero help. you know.
Do I have to go?
Arms training. Now.
Listen up.
future finest of Eternos.
There are no statues
of losers.
no streets
named after cowards.
and there are no parades
for doing your best.
This ground. that palace.
your entire lives
are built on the backs
of men and women
who have won the fight.
And as your
king's Man-At-Arms.
you can bet
I won a lot of fights.
That's why we're all here.
I saved your mom
and dad's asses.
I saved your neighbor's asses.
I saved your neighbor's
mom and dad's asses.
That is a lot of asses.
You know what. the point is
I fought for you.
and now you are going to fight
for me with keen reflexes.
sure aim. and glorious muscle.
And this.
Anybody know what it is?
It's a stick.
Thank you
for stating the obvious.
Anybody else?
Teela?
Your arms.
That's my girl!
These are your arms.
They are an extension of you.
All right. partner up. Arm up.
I want to see big.
shiny bruises.
I want to see bloody noses.
I want to see chipped teeth.
Okay. let's go.
Anchor your weight.
Hey. Dian.
Do you want to...
If this was real.
you just died twice.
- Adam.
- Eyes up!
You got to look him in the eye
when you smash him
in the face.
Parry or next time
it'll be harder.
Maybe we could just sit down
and talk about this?
Hey. Adam. Adam.
Just do what you can. okay?
Yeah. Teela.
Aah!
What kind of a friend are you?
The kind
that's going to beat you.
Duncan.
How do you think
our novices are faring?
They're a fine
and diligent bunch. Sire.
All of them?
No dancing. Adam.
Mm-hmm.
- Come on.
- Hit me! Hit me!
He's making
a fool out of himself.
I promised to make him
into a man. and I will.
Yeah. But what kind of man?
- Adam!
- Just hit me!
Well. he did disarm her.
That's not
how this works. old friend.
I win! I win! I win!
You're being silly.
Adam.
Boy.
Face me. With this.
Well. pick it up.
Now...
defend yourself.
Dad.
Dad!
This world
is no place for the weak.
Yes. Dad.
Now say it.
This world
is no place for the weak.
Hmm.
Adam. Get up!
Get up.
When you fall.
this is your chance
to stand tall. Okay?
Now look strong.
When he turns around.
he's going to see you.
And you want to show him
you can take a hit.
When he turns around.
he's not going to see
a frightened little boy.
He's going to see a man.
What's he going to see?
- A man.
- Good. Look.
As soon as he turns around.
Walk it off. lad.
Show's over.
Back to work. Let's go.
Adam.
What are you doing here?
Following you.
Yeah. well.
I came here to be alone. so...
Don't be such a squink.
I didn't think
you were weak. you know.
Today at training.
My dad did.
Is that... the Sorceress?
What is she looking at?
King Randor.
we are under attack.
I have this in hand. Sire.
The Royal Guard
are trained for this.
I promise.
no harm will come to you
nor your family.
I'll get you safely
to Grayskull. Guards!
Hey. it's okay.
Stay close.
Teela! Come on.
Dad...
I'm scared.
Who taught you that word?
Huh? Not me.
It's going
to be all right. pet.
Whatever happens.
as long as I'm here.
you have nothing to fear.
All right?
Come on. Come on.
Now go! Go. go!
There's too many of them.
A big army
only means one thing.
More targets.
Go. go!
Follow me.
We're going this way.
All right. just stay there.
Weak little palace boys.
Sire. go and don't stop.
Go. I'll settle this.
Somebody wants to brawl.
That's far enough.
How dare
you come into my city!
Don't you know
who you're messing with?
Why don't you tell me.
I am Duncan.
Commander of the Royal Guard.
The King's goddamn
Man-At-Arms.
And today...
You failed.
Dad. Dad.
Okay. come on. On your feet.
Get up. Come on. Please.
Teela.
I failed.
Come on.
Hold on.
The reign of Randor
comes to an end this night.
You believed yourself
so strong.
you stopped fearing
what lurked in the shadows.
It was me.
I lurked.
In the deepest and darkest
corners of the universe.
I lurked.
But now
I step into the light...
so you shall
look upon your downfall.
Go. Don't look back.
Adam. don't worry. my boy.
I have you.
Be strong. son.
I'll hold them.
Dad?
Go!
Dad!
What will you do to me.
you fiend?
I'm only going to cut off
your head.
No matter my fate.
Eternos will never be yours.
Your palace is nothing
but brick and glass.
Your crown. a costume.
Mm?
No. I want the power
behind it.
Evil-Lyn?
Oh. Evil-Lyn.
Well said. Lord Skeletor.
Poetry.
Take him away.
His day is done.
With a new dawn.
Eternia shall witness my rise.
-That's it. I finished.
-Of course. my Lord.
When I raise my fist
like that.
-I'm done.
-Yes.
That is the crescendo!
We'll know
for the future. my Lord.
They're coming.
Grayskull will fall.
No. it will endure.
Bring the Sword to me. child.
Yes. Now hurry.
You must
take the Sword somewhere safe.
somewhere far away from here.
Then let it be a place
they will never find him.
My home.
Adam. you be safe...
and never forget
where you came from.
That sword is mine.
Be a good lad
and bring it to me.
Don't you dare
come one step closer.
Mom.
Oh. darling. I dare.
Do not lose the Sword.
It's your only way home.
You carry the hope of Eternia.
Now go!
Go!
No!
Anyway.
that's how I ended up in
Oklahoma City.
What about you. Julie?
Is your family
from around here?
I'm sorry.
did you say "Skeletor"?
Yeah. Yeah. I did.
Yeah.
Okay. um. I have to take this.
You're ph... It didn't ring.
No. I have to take it
and leave.
Oh. okay. Julie. I'm...
I'm sorry.
I know it sounds crazy.
Was it the sword thing?
The Sword is actually just
a vessel to hold the Power.
Like. uh. it could be this
cup. for example. you know?
So now your cup is holding
the Power of Grayskull.
except it's not your cup.
it was my sword.
and I lost it that night.
You know. I'm not proud
of that. But I lost it and...
I'm going to find it.
And when I do. it is going
to show me the way home.
Are you breaking up with me?
No! But they belong together.
I see.
Please don't do this.
You don't mean it.
Hey!
What's up. brother?
Um...
You're... You're home early.
I don't want to talk about it.
Oh.
Dude.
You told her?
Like. the whole thing?
Sorceress.
the talking green tiger?
Even the king dude's
crushing disappointment
in your lack of masculinity?
Yeah. yeah. I probably
should've left that part out.
I mean. you tell
some girl from Hinge
that you're
from another planet.
but you're stuck here
till you find
this magic sword
that's going to get you home.
It just makes you sound
a little...
very crazy.
The drawings
of the ripped dudes.
the stories you're telling...
They're ripped in real life.
dude. okay?
Like. she asks me
where I'm from.
like. what am I supposed
to say?
That your parents were killed
in some sort
of a traumatic event.
I'm so sorry. by the way.
And that
you're blocking it out
and you're replacing it
with this fantasy.
Like. isn't that what
your therapist says?
You're saying that I should
just forget who I am?
My... My entire
life's purpose?
Maybe your
entire life's purpose
is just to not be weird.
You ever think about that?
Like. why can't you
just go to work.
pay your rent.
live for the weekend.
and count the days
till your next vacation?
Just like everyone else.
The assignment was draw your
favorite historical figure.
Ram Man is historical.
No.
Nope.
It's going to be a good day.
I hear you
emotionally.
I feel you consensually.
I see you
for who you really are.
And you can
remind yourself of that
with our favorite mantra.
Let's all get up
and say it together.
Let's all get up. okay.
I have the power to be
the best version of myself.
It might be his
truth. but it's not my truth.
I think we all need
to be aligned
on whose truth
we're talking about here.
I feel... I feel like
what's happening
is there's a lot
of truth-talking going on.
but maybe what would
be more constructive
is a little bit
of truth-listening. Right?
I'm sorry. what?
You're in my spot.
What?
-You're taking my spot.
-Oh. I'm... Um...
I'm sorry.
Uh. hey.
any advice for a new guy?
You know. like.
some words of wisdom.
All right. kid. you got to get
behind yourself. not in front.
The front's a facade.
But you back yourself?
There's nothing
you can't achieve.
Cool.
Really cool. Um...
Could you just run me through
that. like. one more time?
No. That's all you get.
Good journey. kid.
Ding-dong.
-Oh. hey.
-Hi.
Um. do you have
a moment to come
talk to me
in my office real quick?
Uh. I was actually doing
some super important HR stuff.
I can see that. Yeah.
Um. but I wasn't
really asking.
I was more telling you. So...
Oh. okay.
Yeah. it's confusing. Like.
the tone's a little confusing.
It's like. is it a question
or not? It's not.
-So. I will see you...
-Okay.
...in. like. 10 minutes? Okay.
Okay. Suzie.
Adam. do you ever think about
your future at this company?
I... Should I?
Okay.
let me try to slide in there
from a different angle. Um...
You're good at your job.
You're friendly.
honest. thoughtful.
People listen to you.
People like you.
But...
you seem distracted.
and I don't ever
want to harsh anyone's buzz.
And if your buzz is nerd stuff
and sword things.
that is awesomesauce.
But I wouldn't
be doing my part
if I didn't give you
this little ream job here.
"Ream job"?
Talking-to. You know?
Stern boss-lady over here.
Can't be the fun friend.
But mega-serious face
right now.
Your hobby is causing
your work to suffer.
How about we just ignore that
for a minute. okay?
This obsession with swords.
um. it's not a good look
for Human Resources.
In fact. I'm going
to have to fire you
if you don't
get your shit together.
Oh. so this is like. um...
like an ultimatum.
Yes. Okay. Yeah. you get it.
Whew! Conflict
is not my strong point.
Uh. you will be terminated
if you don't stop looking
for weapons on the clock.
You're freaking people out.
Especially Darryl.
God. I hate Darryl.
Look. you don't understand.
I am nothing
without that sword.
Okay. moment of truth.
Are you going
to live here in reality
or are you just going
to waste your life away
like some kind
of daydream Jimmy.
not having any goals.
not having any way
to stop yourself
from touching the phone.
I can see your hand.
If I could just touch it
for one second.
-No. Just don't pick it up.
-Just see what it says.
-Just. like. please don't.
-And I could just...
-I'm doing it.
-Actually. don't...
Okay. you did it. All right.
-Adam?
-Oh. wow.
-Adam? Wait.
-I got to go.
Adam? You can't just...
If you walk out that door.
you can
kiss this place goodbye.
Consensually.
Okay. uh.
I think I'm here.
Meet me inside.
Well.
how will I know it's...
You'll know.
It's you. right?
Pretty sure. Yeah.
Tight.
-Yeah.
You have my sword?
No. I don't think so.
No sword?
No.
Oh. God.
Okay. well.
then you're not you.
- Sorry.
- Yeah.
-You got my sword?
-What?
Never mind.
Have you
got my sword?
Me. It's me.
What the hell. man?
You literally asked
everyone in the store
if they got a sword?
Yeah. Well. they all look like
they have swords.
I have a wizard's staff
at home.
Get away from him.
This is as far
as I can take you.
What?
Wh-What am I supposed
to do with that?
Your problem. dude.
I was never here.
Situation under control!
Hey. you can't do that!
Oh. don't worry.
Uh. the Sword's mine.
Okay.
Oh.
Oh. no. Oh. no.
Sir. please get off of Torak.
Torak is on me.
Got it. Not got it.
I don't got it.
Sir. please stop
ravishing the pillager.
He's ravishing me. Ugh!
Sir. that sword
is not for sale.
I'm not buying it.
I'm taking it.
In just a second.
I'm going to vanish
into a brilliant
blast of light.
Or something.
Cool.
By the Power of Grayskull.
I have to go home!
Grayskull. just...
take me home.
Are you single?
Hey. what the hell?
I hate it
when you make me laugh.
Even worse
when you make me cry.
I hate it
when you're not around and
the fact that you didn't call.
-Uh. is that the...
-Sword of Power?
Yeah. it is. Okay.
Please work.
Do something.
Great.
Hey. cool sword. Highlander.
Yeah. nice sword
there. Rip Van...
uh. King Arth...
What even
are you? H-Highlander?
God. what... what the hell?
Idiots. man.
Hang tight.
What is going on?
No.
Okay.
Adam?
Is it really you?
What?
You don't recognize me?
Huh?
Still such a squink.
Teela?
Ready to go home?
What does that thing
want with me?
It's not you he's after.
It's this.
The Sword sent a signal.
What took you so long
to raise it?
I... I kind of misplaced it.
-"Misplaced"?
-Yeah.
It's been 15 years.
Okay. on the count of three.
-No. No. I don't want to run.
-One. Two.
I can't do it.
-Three. Come on.
-I don't have it in me.
All right. slow down.
slow down.
- Jump!
- What? No!
Okay. okay. Okay.
- What's wrong with you?
- Yeah. Okay.
Where are we going?
My ship. Up there.
Up where?
Oh.
Yeah.
Cool.
Ship. Open up.
Opening hull door.
No. you know what.
I told you guys it was real.
Not you guys specifically.
just. you know.
you kind of represent. like.
a lot of the people in my life
who doubted me.
Adam. come on.
Ship. let's get out of here.
Now!
Getting out of here now.
Hang on.
It's about to get weird.
-Okay.
-Ship. fold space.
Folding space
and getting weird.
I can't believe it's you.
Yeah.
-It's me.
-You've gotten so big.
As in you've aged.
Well! You've aged well.
You've... You've grown older!
And you haven't
changed at all.
Well...
Adam. you don't know
how bad it's been.
I mean. everything changed
since you left.
My parents?
Skeletor took them
that night.
and. um.
we never saw them again.
Arriving at Eternia
in ten.
nine. eight. seven. six...
I can't believe
I'm finally home.
I would manage
your expectations.
...two. one.
It's all gone.
Skeletor
never wanted Eternos.
He just didn't want
anyone else to have it.
Why would he do this?
Because he's bad.
There's got to be
more to it than that.
He has a skull for a face.
We have to leave.
It's too dangerous
to be out in the open.
What are you looking at?
Sorry. sir.
I wasn't sure if you were
awake or not. my lord.
Fetch my staff. swine.
Yes. sir.
Careful! If you drop it.
I'll have you ground
into sausage meat.
just like your mother.
My lord. Skeletor...
the beast has returned.
Oh. vile
and villainous Skeletor.
Sadistic Overlord of Evil...
Oh. do shut up! On your knees.
Lower.
Tell me you have the Sword.
I found it. my lord.
but the woman. Teela. took it.
Please stop.
This really hurts. my lord.
Teela?
The whelp
of the King's Man-At-Arms.
Intelligence reports her ship
flying recon over Eternos
just this morning.
Then the Sword is here.
We must follow her
and see where she runs.
That is already in hand.
my lord.
Mm.
Why are you still here?
Bring me that sword.
you hirsute half-wit!
What am I. Evil-Lyn?
Am I not mighty?
My lord.
you are the mightiest.
Have I not gone
out of my way
to show
the people of Eternia
that I am a just
and worthy ruler?
You have killed thousands
of them to prove it.
Oh. but what is it worth?
My lord. if I may?
You have already won.
You have a vast army
at your command.
Your Staff of Havoc.
your throne of bones.
you have... me.
Do you really need more?
It can all be taken away.
Don't you see?
My Staff can be taken away.
You can be taken away.
All of it.
And then. what am I?
My lord. you are...
Then I am nothing.
As long as that sword
remains
in someone else's hand.
any power I have
is only temporary.
I need more than impermanence.
I am no mere king.
I am a devil.
but I mean to be a god.
- Where are you taking me?
- The Royal Guard.
Or what's left of us. anyway.
The Royal Guard is here?
You've been hiding?
Skeletor would
never look for us here.
And now that we have
the Sword. we can beat him.
Keep it close and try not
to draw attention to yourself.
Is that what
people wear on Earth?
Actually. no.
Not really.
Don't stare.
I have eyes on the Sword.
Okay. let me do the talking.
These guys
might be a bit upset with...
Where have you been?
You were supposed
to be on patrol.
Skeletor's goons
are everywhere.
I found
the Sword of Power.
What?
There. And the man carrying it
is the son of King Randor.
The long-lost
Prince of Eternos.
Hi. sir.
It's a...
It's a real thrill to be here.
This is no son of the king.
He is. And he can prove it.
I can. yes.
So...
I remember watching you.
as a kid with my dad.
and seeing you
lead combat drills.
What? Is that
an earthquake? What?
Who is this little oik?
Ram Man?
What did you call me?
You know. because...
Well. I... I called you that
because he looks like a...
Looks like what?
A man who rams.
Imposter. You don't know us.
No. no. no.
I... I do know you.
Well. I've been telling people
about you guys my whole life.
When I was a kid.
I'd make these drawings.
so I'd never forget you.
-Is that so?
-Yeah.
Mm. Well. who am I then?
You're Fisto.
I know that's not your
proper name. but you know.
you fist people. so...
I don't fist people.
I'm pretty sure I saw you
fist a goblin one time.
Adam!
This is the savior of Eternia?
Look. I know. He's not
what I expected either. okay?
But I swear it's him.
I mean. I tracked down
the Sword of Power...
-Let me see this.
-...and it led me to...
- Stop squirming!
- What are you doing?
-This guy.
-Give it.
Teela.
Thank you.
I'll be honest. I thought
this would go better.
We're going to need a minute
to talk this over.
Sure. Yeah. yeah.
-Let's talk it over.
-No. no. Adam!
Uh-uh-uh.
It's Dina. right? Dina?
- Dian.
Dian. Yes! Oh. my God.
All right.
this is super crazy.
but we used to go
to school together.
You used to push me into
the lockers.
Aw. Did it hurt?
Well. I... Whoa!
Dian? I think you locked it.
On accident.
Fisto?
It's because
he has a massive...
I was 10. okay?
We have
to get out of here.
It smells
like a urinal in here.
Oh.
- It's him.
- Piss off.
Yep. totally fair.
Is that a Class-4 Battlebot?
What? No. it's nothing.
Service bot. Glorified maid.
Charming.
No. Class-4s are the deadliest
super soldiers
ever engineered.
Just one of these bots
is worth about 15 soldiers.
It's actually 20.
Dope.
It looks
like the Sword of Power.
It's smaller than I thought.
Well. that's just
because my hand is so big.
Your big hand
is your other hand.
Well. this one's
pretty big. too.
That's why the Sword looks
so small when I hold it.
Captain.
Yeah. go ahead.
We may have
a situation out front.
They're coming for the Sword!
We have to get out of here.
Miss? You don't belong
down here mopping the floors.
You could join us.
As a servant?
No. as a soldier.
Adam. can you please
stop making friends
with the appliances?
I'll join you
on the condition that
I don't make any food.
I don't wash anything.
and any fluids of any type
that come out of you
are yours to deal with.
Got it?
Wait.
Hold on.
Help me get him up.
I can't leave him.
- What? The drunk guy?
- Dad.
Wake up.
Why...
Why'd you call him Dad?
He's my dad.
Dad. wake up.
Keep it down.
I'm trying to sleep here.
Duncan?
Are you going to help me
get him up or not?
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh. my God. he's heavy.
Yeah. good idea.
He needs to hydrate.
Who's this guy? Do I know you?
Well. yeah. Yeah.
Um...
A long time ago. when I was
a kid. you used to train me.
Sword fighting?
Hand-to-hand combat?
Oh. you... you berated me.
kicked me while I was down.
demoralized me. totally
destroyed my self-esteem?
Mm.
Uh...
Adam. I'm...
Adam.
Ugh!
I'm not
cleaning that up.
Nobody asked you
to clean it up.
Wait a minute.
I know who you are.
You're Randor's son.
Yeah. Yeah. it's me.
Sweet little Adam.
Adam! Oh. this is so cool!
You remember me.
Weedy. Namby-pamby.
- Like weak.
- Whoa.
Okay. I don't think I was...
Namby-pamby?
All right. that's it.
We're leaving.
Come on. We got to go. Dad.
- What? No. no. no.
- Let's go.
I'm perfectly fine right here.
You guys leave.
I'm staying here
next to this vomit.
We're going
to have to carry him.
Mm-hmm.
Oh. I see.
Thank you so much for inviting
me on this exciting adventure.
Hey.
Hey. I can walk.
I said I can walk!
- This way.
- Oh. Oh!
The Sword is here. Find it!
You've got to get the Sword
as far away from him
as possible. Go!
Come on. we got to go.
What's going on here?
Hey. asshole robot!
I told you I could walk.
Uh.
you might want to duck.
You might want to get fu...
Roboto. could you please
deploy battle mode
for. like. one second?
Are you
trying to be funny?
She's a service bot.
Duncan reprogrammed her
years ago.
You're damn right I did.
Maniac nearly
shot my head off.
It was a malfunction.
Yeah. right.
Run.
What the hell
is happening?
Stop shooting at me!
Thanks. guys.
Follow me.
Whoa! Did she jump?
I was
not expecting that.
Yeah. No. me neither.
You want me
to carry Drunkan?
-What'd you call me?
-Okay.
Duncan. you good?
Never better.
Oh!
Ow!
How is he
not dead yet?
- No. I'm good.
- Dad.
Let's go.
Okay. All right.
Come out. cowards!
Trap Jaw.
Who?
- It's from my drawings!
- Trap Jaw?
-Never mind.
-No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Dad.
Anyone but him. We're trapped.
There's nowhere left to run.
Maybe... Maybe I could
talk to him. Start a dialogue.
-Are you out of your mind?
-What?
-Is he out of his mind?
-A dialogue?
I do this for work
all the time.
I'm actually
kind of good at it.
-Hey. no.
-I'll be right back.
-No!
- What?
- Adam!
Hello!
Hello.
Mr. Trap Jaw.
Hi there. uh...
Wait.
Could I talk to you
for a second?
I just want to de-escalate
the situation here
because it feels like emotions
are running super high.
Oh. they are. are they?
And who might you be?
I'm Adam. Prince of...
Okay.
I can see that we're heading
into conflict territory here.
Stop talking.
Okay.
And conflict resolution
relies on effective
communication. right?
Whoa!
Use the Sword!
Use the sword. What sword?
Say the words.
Whoa.
By the Power...
By the Power of Grayskull.
By the Power of Grayskull!
I have the Power!
Oh. wow.
Wow.
The champion of Grayskull!
We're saved.
We're screwed.
Holy...
That's it.
That's what I taught you.
-That's not... Okay.
-That's good. It's good.
Ooh!
-Hey. we got to move. Come on.
-Let's go.
You guys see that?
I ripped that dude's arm off
and I shot all his friends.
I saw that. lad. I saw it.
Mm...
You fools!
You dolts and blockheads!
My lord!
Oh. you pathetic pail
of pitiful pissants!
I want that sword!
Do you hear me?
I want that sword. It's mine.
Mine. mine. mine. mine.
Mine. mine. mine.
And I will have it.
Do you hear me?
I will have it. And you.
you... you will get it for me.
Whew.
Do you understand?
After them! Get the Sword!
Maybe I should fly.
You're not flying. Dad.
You're doing great. Teela.
-Not now. Adam.
-Okay.
- Ugh! Son of a...
- Breach.
Hull breach.
Ship. run analytics.
Running analytics.
My hull is breached.
Got it.
I'm just saying. I have a lot
of experience when it comes
-to. like. you know...
-Do you want to walk. Dad?
Because I'll make you walk.
Oh. shit.
Teela?
Go out there
and shoot some bad guys.
-Okay.
-Sky sled. In the back.
I'm on it. Sky sled.
-Not you.
-What?
Definitely not you.
Okay.
Whoa!
What the...?
Okay.
Yeah.
Whoa!
We're losing altitude.
You know.
if you put less pressure
-on the yoke. you'll get...
-Not one word.
We're not going to make it.
Teela. hold her
as steady as you can.
Oh. says the drunk guy.
Whoa!
Whoa.
All right.
Adam?
Adam! Hey!
Hey. look out behind you!
-Get out of there. you moron.
-What?
You're going to die.
Wow. you can really fly.
I don't want to hear it.
Insurgents
of Eternia.
Your long reprieve
has come to an end.
You are done.
Well. if you would live
to see another morning.
I now demand your fealty.
Do you know
what that means. miscreant?
It means I shall kill you
one by one
until you tell me the name
of that insolent barbarian.
And do you know who I mean?
Muscles. Loincloth.
All over tan.
Big. shiny sword.
Mm.
No?
Very well.
You.
- Evil-Lyn. who is this?
- Um...
Moss Man.
He'll do. Mm.
No! No. no.
Watch.
fallen heroes of Eternia.
as he begs
for his miserable life.
Go on.
Beg.
No.
No!
Oh. look.
darling. I made mulch.
Very good. Mulch.
So I ask again.
who is the warrior
who fought for you today?
No more!
No more. I'll tell.
Oh. please do.
It's the young prince.
returned from the dead.
Is it indeed?
Take them all away.
Lock them up.
Let this midden burn
to the ground.
Well. they're not going
to follow us in here.
Not without reinforcements.
I'm going to go look for Adam
while there's still light.
No. no. no. no.
you leave that to me.
-Really. Dad. I got it.
-Teela. This is what I do.
Did. This is what you did.
I am handling this. Stay here.
Where am I?
Who am I?
You are he
who will restore peace
to Eternia.
The Champion of Grayskull.
Adam.
Thank Zodac.
you're alive!
I think you just
shooed off the Sorceress.
That's not the Sorceress.
I really think that
that was the Sorceress.
Sure.
Are you hurt?
Weirdly. not at all.
Good.
Come on. it's getting dark.
We'll camp here tonight.
get moving
first thing tomorrow.
What?
Nothing. Just haven't seen you
like this in a while.
Well. Man-At-Arms
is in here somewhere.
I hope you find him.
Hey. wait a second.
What have we got here?
Oh. who's up for a drink?
Dad. are you serious?
What? Come on. Sit down.
Let's crack open a few.
Tell some stories.
sing some songs.
If we don't celebrate
the small victories...
Victory? What victory?
Well. we didn't die.
Oh. that's a victory for you?
Teela. I say we earned it.
You've been "earning it"
for 15 years.
More for you and me.
Come on. Sit down.
Here's to the return
of the Sword
and the Champion of Grayskull!
Ripping some dude's arm off
doesn't really seem like
the kind of thing
that we should be celebrating.
Well. it was you or him.
Like. whatever happened to...
to understanding
and listening?
Just talking to one another?
Oh. talk.
What are you going to do
when a guy charges
towards your family
with a sword?
Okay. I get it.
What I'm supposed to say...?
You... You fight him. right?
No. you protect them.
You... You're thinking
about it all wrong.
I mean. you scoff
at the trigger-happy grunts!
Look how backward
they all are.
But when the war breaks out.
it's not the poets
that step up.
It's the man with the muscle.
And he's not doing it
for glory.
He's doing it so his...
his children can see
another morning.
That is a man.
as far as I can tell.
He stands up
when he is needed.
Like you did.
Speaking of which.
you. uh...
you weren't bad earlier on.
That's the nicest thing
you've ever said to me.
I mean. your form.
it's a little shoddy.
And your technique
could do some work.
-But. uh. not bad.
-There he is.
There's the Duncan I remember.
Um. good.
Hey. can you come
help me with this?
Whoa.
It is quite heavy.
-so if you could just...
-Oh. my God! Yeah.
Yeah.
Your. um...
Your loincloth is in my...
-Sorry.
-Fine.
So. how does it feel
to be the mighty warrior?
Uh...
All things considered. I feel
pretty great.
I'm not quite sure what
happened to my shirt though.
Or my pants.
Do those come back.
or do I have to buy
a new pair every time?
I really missed you. you know.
Me too.
I thought about you.
All the time.
Me too.
Honestly.
there wasn't a day went by
I didn't think about you.
Me too.
And how much...
our friendship means to me.
Hmm?
You were always
such a good friend.
Like a really.
really good friend. You know.
-practically a little brother.
-Hmm.
Yeah. You've always
been my friend
and you'll always
be my friend.
And nothing will change that.
Not ever.
My dawg. Whew!
-Phew. I know. Okay.
-Yeah.
-All right.
-Weight off of me.
Well. let's go
confiscate that flask
before my dad starts singing.
Yeah. we don't...
we don't want that.
- Yeah.
- We...
Behold insignificant wretches.
it is I.
Skeletor.
And you are but worms
beneath my feet.
Butt-worms?
He just called us butt-worms.
Yet there is one
among you
who thinks
he has a higher purpose.
It seems the prodigal prince
has returned.
But this is not your Eternia
anymore. Prince Adam.
It is mine.
And so is everything in it.
Including that sword
you carry.
for it is fit for a far
mightier hand than yours.
So. here
is my magnanimous offer.
Bring the Sword of Power to me
at Snake Mountain
and you might yet
be reconciled with your...
mummy and daddy.
Yes. they're alive and well.
Okay. not "well."
but they're alive.
Imagine. you could be
a happy family together again.
Or they could die...
horribly.
And that will forever
be on you.
Oh. how heavy will that sword
weigh in your hand then.
Champion of Grayskull?
I have to leave.
Now.
Adam! Adam! It's a trap!
We can't let Skeletor
get his hands on the Sword.
He'd be unstoppable.
I'm not going
to give him the Sword.
I'm going to kill him with it.
This is Skeletor
we're talking about.
You can't just charge
into this.
I have the
power of a god in my hands.
But you are not a god.
You're a man.
He took my family. Teela!
I have to save them.
It's what a man does. right?
You sound like my dad.
Is that a bad thing?
- We'll see.
- Hey!
I'm going with you
or without you.
Adam.
We're with you.
Every step of the way.
It's like
they want to die all the time.
Not now.
Come on.
Snake Mountain is this way.
We don't know
what's in there.
I'm in there.
Follow my lead.
Ho the...
Uh...
Hi. I am Adam.
Prince of Eternia
and defender of the secrets
of Castle Grayskull.
And I carry with me
the Sword of Power.
Surrender your weapon to me.
I will give the Sword
to Skeletor and Skeletor only.
Hmm.
Keep the Sword.
Guards!
Ah.
Take this one and his gorgeous
muscles to Lord Skeletor.
The rest will come with me.
Prepare the dungeons.
Adam. you give him hell!
Killer view.
isn't it?
Shall I give you two a moment?
Dad?
Adam?
Is it you?
Yeah.
It's me.
Teary
reconciliations can wait.
Now give me the Sword.
Release him.
Mm-hmm... I said it first.
Release him!
You don't want to play that
game with me. you naughty boy.
I play to win and...
I cheat.
Take it.
You can try.
No. No!
Very good. Evil-Lyn.
he's... he's frozen.
Bravo. Prince Adam.
Quite the show.
But to what end?
Face me like a man.
Well. A.
I don't have a face.
and. B. I don't want to.
Besides. it's my turn
to put on a show.
What do you think. Papa?
Shall I let him watch
as I slay you
with his own sword?
Oh. yes.
No.
No!
Dad?
Adam.
Let me see you.
There you are.
Oh. you took your time.
but you came back.
Yeah. I've changed so much.
I'm not that. uh... I'm not
that weak little boy anymore.
Yeah.
Now I'm everything
you wanted me to be.
Well. what...
Well. what did I want
you to be?
Someone else.
No. No. Hey. Hey. that's...
That's not what I wanted.
As a boy.
you were so very small.
The world just...
just seemed so big for you.
So I tried to make you strong
because I wanted...
I wanted to protect you.
It was the only way
I knew how.
There are...
Oh. there were so many things
I should have said.
Dad. it's okay.
- Hmm?
- It's... It's okay.
I wish
I understood better then.
I wish I had let you...
be you.
Dad. no. Wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait! Wait!
Dad. you... you can't close
your eyes yet.
I didn't...
I didn't get
to say it yet. I...
I... I need you to hear...
hear me say it.
And so
you both submit.
Are you okay. lad?
You changed back.
- Mom.
- Oh.
Mm.
He's gone.
Oh.
so long I've waited.
Now I shall be reborn
and the universe
shall quake in my shadow.
By the Power of Grayskull.
I...
have...
the Power!
Was that right?
Did I mess up the words?
No. those are the words.
Once more with feeling.
perhaps?
Don't test me. woman.
Why isn't it working?
Wait!
Tell me why it isn't working.
There's a ritual
I can perform.
If we return the Sword
to Grayskull.
to its altar.
I promise you it will work.
It had better.
Prepare my ship.
Hey. lad.
you want to talk?
Adam. I'm not
very good with. um.
talking. You know.
about. uh. what's. you know...
you know. uh.
what's going on inside.
You know. the. uh...
-Feelings?
-Yeah. That.
But here's what I do know.
I know how it feels to fail.
To find out that you are not
who you thought you were.
It's better she thinks of me
as an old drunk
who's worth saving
than an old man
who's worth nothing.
I failed her.
I failed you. Adam.
I promised that I would
protect all of you. And...
And I couldn't.
Wow.
Do you remember what
you used to tell me when...
I'd get
my ass beat as a kid?
Yeah. I used
to say. "Drop and give me 20."
No. You used to say...
"You got to get back up...
"and stand tall."
Maybe we should
both try together.
What do you say?
I'd like that.
Hi.
I brought someone here
to see you.
Hmm?
Cringer?
Oh. my God.
Is it okay if I lick you now?
Uh. yeah. sure.
Oh. wow.
I missed you. buddy.
I can't believe you're here.
I can't believe
we're all here.
All the Heroes of Eternia.
Adam. are you okay?
Yeah. I think I am.
Gather round. Come on.
Gather round for the war room.
Not a war room.
just a seminar. Seminar.
Okay. Gather in
for the war seminar. Come on!
If I could just have
your attention. please.
I... I'd just like
to take a moment
to ideate on
an escape strategy.
A what?
Is this supposed
to be a battle speech?
Team building.
Yeah. Team building.
-Who is this guy?
-Yeah. Who are you?
I'm Adam. Prince of Eternia.
Uh. excuse me. Hi.
Yeah. I thought Adam was dead.
Hey. Put your neck away.
Let him talk.
Uh. no.
Not dead.
As you can see.
very much alive.
- What did he say?
- Speak up. We can't hear you.
Okay. Sorry. So when...
when I was on Earth.
I learned
that success in the workplace
doesn't come down to one man.
or woman.
or whatever that is.
Person. You know?
It comes down to many people
working together.
-Workplace?
-We're in a dungeon.
No. I know that. Um...
Look. I know most of you
don't know me.
But I know all of you.
Mekaneck.
Heroic human periscope.
And Ram Man.
You ram!
And you're a man.
Hell yeah. I do.
And you. Fisto!
You fist people!
Yes. I do!
And Dian.
You pushed me into the lockers
when I was a kid. so...
Hell yeah. I did.
I know all of you.
I kept you close to my heart.
Eternia. It's a part of me.
it's my home.
and I'm going to fight for it.
But I can't do it alone.
I need your help.
Working alone. I mean.
it... it brought me here.
It brought us all here. Right?
But if we work together.
we can change that.
See. we got to get
behind ourselves.
Not in front.
In front is.
it's just a facade.
But we back ourselves?
There's nothing
we can't achieve.
Together.
Yeah.
So we're going to take back
our home. Together.
Here's to Alan.
To Alan.
It's Adam. dude.
Adam.
But what can we do in here?
These bars are photanium.
There's no breaking them.
These walls are rock.
Fisto.
Ram Man.
All you guys.
I got one question.
How much do you bench?
What is "bench"?
Oh. God.
Kill anyone who approaches.
The women
and children... first.
Good boy.
Come. Evil-Lyn.
the end is nigh.
So you think
you can fix her?
Make her battle ready again?
I... Last time
she was operational.
she tried to kill me.
Accident.
It was an accident.
She always says that.
Well. I trust her. so...
I... Yeah. okay. all right.
- All right.
Do not assassinate me. okay?
Wait. you were
carrying that around
this whole time?
Uh-huh.
Now. as we agreed.
no killing me.
I made no promises.
Wow.
Ah. that's good.
Okay. Now!
I can't breathe.
My lungs are burning.
I think
I'm going to be sick.
Why is it so dusty?
They're escaping!
Don't let them
get away!
All right.
you filthy skull-polishers.
Where do you keep the ships?
They're coming.
Roboto and I
will hold them off
while you guys do your thing.
Dad.
Are you sure
you can handle this?
No. I am not sure.
but I'm going to give it
my best shot.
I know you will.
You're so strong.
Stronger than I ever was.
You're the man
that I wished I could be.
-Um... thanks?
-Yeah. come here.
- I love you guys.
- Oh.
- Uh...
- That was really beautiful.
Adam. we're kind of
having a moment here.
So. uh...
Yeah. Just...
You want to get out of here?
-Okay. All right.
-Okay. Thank you.
-All right.
-That was nice.
-No.
-Nice moment
-with the three of us.
-No problem.
Okay.
- Okay. Yeah. we'll...
- Go. Go.
Great.
Is it too late
to back out of this?
Shouldn't I be wearing
armor or something?
This seems dangerous.
Pussy.
Teela! Really?
What?
He's not a pussycat.
He's a Battle Cat.
- No. I'm not.
- Yeah. you are.
I'm not that.
Okay.
Just this once. Get on.
Next time
I'm definitely wearing armor.
Yeah! Let's fist
some bad guys!
Give them head. Ram Man.
I'm sorry.
Incoming!
Now. let me show you what
a real man does with power.
Hmm.
No!
Defend yourself. witch.
How about this?
You and I sneak out of here.
let them slug it out.
Nice try.
You are
your father's daughter.
Hell yeah. I am.
Hey.
let's crash their party!
I got my invitation
right here.
Well. no.
if you have an invitation.
- you're not really...
- Oh!
RSVP. I'm about
to shoot these assholes.
You're really making
a mess of this party metaphor.
Don't this
feel great? Right?
Oof!
They are not going
to get to that castle.
Not as long as I'm standing.
You've barely been
upright since I met you.
Hey. you got
any missiles left?
Yes. One.
That's all we need.
Yes! Whoo-hoo!
What is that?
Run! Run!
Look out!
Duncan?
Remember me?
You remember who I used to be?
Commander of the Royal Guard.
King's Man-At-Arms.
But today...
...I'm a new man!
- Hey.
- Duncan?
Roboto!
Don't you go
powering down on me.
It-It-It doesn't matter.
Existence is a series
of absurdities
leading to
infinite nothingness.
That's my girl.
Stand still.
you muscle-bound oaf!
I'm trying to annihilate you!
Well. would you look at that?
It seems
your sword is worthless.
Nothing more than a cheap toy
to play with.
That's not possible.
I'm curious.
Without this. what are you?
Who are you?
Let's have a look.
Unleash the beast. dude!
That's gold.
bro. right there.
Sick flex. bro.
Could I level with you. Adam?
I was never really buying
that whole
beefcake barbarian thing.
I don't think
you ever were the tough guy.
I suspect you were the runt.
And those
that didn't bully you.
well. they felt sorry for you.
Catch!
It wasn't like that.
No?
What was it like?
What?
Your home planet.
What was it like?
Well. it was. um...
It was beautiful.
Like nothing
you've ever seen before.
Oh. my God.
have you ever been to Sedona?
What?
Ah. now this place.
this is more your thing.
A world of grays and beiges
and a constant
humiliating failure.
Adam! Can this wait?
I have a performance review
with Darryl.
Who's the demon. Adam?
He's the bad guy.
He broke my sword!
Here we go again
with the Sword!
While I conquered
an entire planet.
you were here. uh... uh...
What even is this?
It's Human Resources.
Human resources?
Oh. Adam. you naughty boy.
Oh. come on.
Oh. you can pretend
to be the hero
with your giant muscles.
that big long sword dangling
between your glorious thighs.
But you'll always be
a failure.
Eternia isn't your home.
It's a dream
of something you're not.
And that dream...
is over.
Adam!
Hey. Adam.
are you okay?
Yeah.
I... I just think
I might have died.
Damn.
Uh. that's heavy. brother.
Well. you let me know
if you need anything.
Uh. I think you might have
dropped one.
So...
there you go.
All right.
Kind of convenient to die
right before the rent is due.
No. I... I'll...
I'll handle it.
Get up.
It... It's a talking bird.
Yes.
That's weird.
Uh. you had a talking cat.
That's a fair point.
So this is it. huh?
I'm dead?
Perhaps.
Get up!
How can I get up
if I'm dead. huh?
You have the Power.
No.
Not anymore.
The Sword's broken.
What sword?
The Sword... of Power.
Oh. that. What about it?
It's... Well...
It's... It's
the Sword of Power.
"Whosoever wields the Sword
"shall hold the Power."
Adam. when you hold aloft
your magic sword.
what words do you say?
By the Power of Grayskull...
Yes. go on.
I have the Power.
That's right.
You have the Power.
Not the Sword.
You.
I chose you.
In the hands
of past champions.
the Power has been
brute strength.
But in yours.
it becomes so much more.
It is understanding.
it is empathy.
It is humanity.
That is why I chose you
as the vessel. Adam.
I am the vessel.
Now you're ready.
By the Power
of Grayskull.
I have the Power!
Oh. balls.
Yeah!
Skeletor...
I have a proposition for you.
Why don't we...
end this cycle of violence
and talk?
Just talk.
You destroyed my world.
You have caused
so much pain and suffering.
And maybe that's because
you couldn't be king.
Maybe it's because you weren't
loved enough as a child.
Doesn't matter to me
who you are.
What matters is what you do.
So do something right.
Hmm.
Oh. you... you boob.
You muscle-bound milquetoast.
There is no right
that will be done here.
There is no good in me
that you might uncover.
There is nothing you can say
that will change my nature.
for I... I am...
a villain.
And...
does it feel good.
Look at you.
A feeble. worthless child.
Oh. yes.
you may have the Power.
but you're too scared
to use it.
And you don't even know how.
I know how to use it.
I just prefer not to.
Huh?
Is that...
Is that all you've got?
I was pulling my punches.
Do you want to talk?
Okay. What do you
want to talk about?
The time for talk is over.
Get up. squink.
There you are.
Thanks.
So that was nice. the way
you took that guy and
- I squeezed his hand and...
- Yeah.
- So. what do you think?
- We killed all of them.
- Ah.
- Oh. wow!
This is
a little revealing.
Hey. Adam.
Hey.
How's it going with your.
uh...
your feelings and such?
Good. Good. Yeah.
I want you to know.
if you ever want to talk.
I'm here.
Great.
Or if you want to arm wrestle.
Or you want me
to beat you with a stick.
- I'm also here. All right?
- Oh.
Likewise.
Eternia's finest.
Look at them.
All the heroes
you drew from your childhood.
Ram Man.
Fisto.
and what did you call
that guy again?
- Oh. it's Mekaneck.
- Right.
-Annoying.
-Yeah.
Did you ever have
a name for me?
Uh. Warrior Goddess.
-Oh.
-Because... Well. because
I was just a kid. so...
- Yeah. like. it's strong.
- Wow. That's...
That's great.
I wouldn't look too much
into it. I...
You had a name
for yourself. too. didn't you?
- No. No.
- Yeah. you did. Come on.
Tell us.
You're going to laugh.
Probably. but tell us.
What is it?
He-Man.
What?
That's worse than I
thought it was going to be.
-Isn't that redundant?
-What does it mean?
It's like a...
like a strong man.
Like a...
Like a masculine fellow.
Yeah.
-What? It's too macho?
-No. No.
Wow.
that's very manly.
And you are very manly.
It's clever.
Yo. what do you think?
Uh. yeah.
Yeah. man. this is...
cool.
Like. it's cool to see
that it was all real
and I wasn't a crazy person.
Yeah. you know.
now I'm standing
next to a green tiger.
It's like
who would have thought.
But. hey. thank you for
coming to get me
to prove it was all real.
Oh.
my red light's blinking.
I'm getting a distress signal
from an Avion village.
Sounds like a job for He-Man.
He-Man.
Yes. I am going to go
and do that thing. See...
Over there. So...
Cringer.
Do we have to?
Is he running off
to change in secret again?
Yep.
Does he think we all forgot?
Pretty much everyone knows.
I mean. we could just look
the other direction.
if that's easier?
Nah. let him do his thing.
In today's story.
we saw that muscles
don't necessarily make a man.
And that having
a skull for a face
pretty much guarantees
you're the bad guy.
Until next time.
I had given up hope.
Of both of them.
Well. perhaps one day
she'll come back to us. too.
Force Captain Adora?
No.
Not anymore.
I must say.
you've looked better.